---
title: Bittersweet 2017
layout: post
date: '2018-01-20 01:11:00'
tag:
- Motivation
- Personal Development
- Goals
category: blog
author: rosalieprom
description: What 2017 was like for me
---

So we all know what the beginning of the year means, it’s a staple of time where we post all of our goals that we wish to achieve before the year ends. Some of us want to lose weight, some of us want to get richer. I kind of like to reflect on the things that I’ve achieved and the lessons that I’ve learned over 2017 so that I can have clarity on what I want to accomplish this year. 

## What did I learn in 2017?  

* New friendships

I’ve met so many new people this year that have helped me in so many ways personally and professionally. These people range from developers to people of the faith to online friends who have helped me manage my emotions. I owe it to those people and to those who I have rebuilt friendships and created stronger ones too. 

* Inspired people

While I was a sprout for UTS, I was able to express the need for using better pathways into university. Telling a story that was close to my heart has enlightened other students to do the same. My most significant weakness in my life was not making it through the HSC and not taking the subjects that I wanted to study. Through my story and flaws, I have used this to my advantage to tell prospecting students a life lesson always to follow your heart and do what you want. 


* Learned new technologies

During my internship I have learned how typescript works as oppose to javascript, re-learned a front-end framework called ionic and discovered the pros and cons of this mix. It was a right mix, and it complemented each other very well, however, maybe ionic isn’t my cup of tea, and it didn’t resonate well with my UI/UX expectations, but, it worked.

## What did I achieve in 2017? 

* Topped sales for a month. 

I’ll keep this short and sweet. While working at my retail job, I have managed to get into the top scores of sales for one month and worked very hard for this. To this day I am still happy and proud of myself. 

* Lucy mentoring program.

The main reason why I came back to study was to be mentored and to meet industry professionals who can guide me professionally. This program has helped me so much with improving my professionalism and opened my mind up to bigger and better things. 


* Volunteered.

Gender equality in the workplace is an issue. You thought it would have died out by now, but it is still there. There aren’t enough females in STEM jobs or courses, and there is a reason why: not enough girls are motivated to pursue this kind of career. Working with the women in engineering and it program has enabled me to spread the fun bits of STEM to prospecting female students in high schools in a bid for them to pursue it. It is indeed a rewarding experience to hear that their minds have changed from science is boring to science is freaking awesome!

* Completed the LevelUp program sponsored by ThoughtWorks.

Earlier in 2017, I have had the opportunity to experience what working in an agile environment. During this program I have learned how a team works and how the end product is being developed over the iteration of 12 weeks. I’ve made a lot of good connections and friendships and will recommend this program to anyone who’s studying at a university today. 

## What do I aim to achieve in 2018? 
I'll keep this short and simple, because this list will get pretty long. 

* Getting better at coding.

I want to expand my palette and learn new and bigger things. I want to try and build a native app this year. I also want to get a better grasp on react and user interface design. Need to expand the horizons a bit. 

* Get lucky with my crypto. 

Since I've left my last role, I have been closely focusing on cryptocurrency investment. I have improved my portfolio and would like to get better at this. Investing in potential is better than spending it on useless crap. 

* Stop buying new shit that i don’t need.

I half-heartedly blame ozbargain for this, but I honestly have enough clothes to last me a month. I have so many things that I didn't really need that my wardrobe doors wouldn't close. I spend the last few days of 2017 clearing my junk and donating old and unused clothing. I guess this same principle applies for my love of milk tea and other junk food habits. That ol' 3AM maccas run is something I'm going to try and live without. 

I believe that there are more goals that I wish to achieve by the end of the year, which will add on as I progress. I do think that there is always room for improvement. I think that the past year was rather a bittersweet year, where I have achieved so much and yet lost so much. It was kind of like a win win situation. I hope that 2018 will be a better outcome, and I'm going to work twice as hard to make sure it is. 

Rosie x